in here and let's
just search our cloud
code options, right? This
is a great place
to start when you're
just quickly looking through
agents and you want
to know where to
start. So we have
the following configuration. Super
important here, we do
have hooks. So we
are limiting our agent.
We're giving our planner
agent a right hook.
And we're basically just
saying, where is it
exactly? We're saying a
normalized path here. We're
getting the path to
whatever it's trying to
write to. And we're
making sure that our
writer agent can only
write to our plan
directory. There is no
other reason for a
planner to do anything
else. So we're making